this is a calf this is a bull calf
getting castrated he just got his nuts
cut off he just got his nuts cut off
right there and he's bawling about it he
don't like it maturely I got the
backside of it but thirty or forty
dollars more than I Charlie just cut his
nuts off that little calf right there
there they are right down there get it
will have them for supper after a while
yeah what mountain oysters nice fixing
to castrate another calf right there now
watch this we throw that cap down to
fixing the castrate that calf right
there it's got it all right Becky bunch
of a annex merican hold it there very
calm she's fixing the cast right this
gap right there he got his knife at
right there boom there it goes there it
goes that's poor little cap it goes his
nuts there is and there you had a bowl
now you gotta stick we got to steer sir
now
oh he did get busted up while ago when
you got stepped on we got some more
bullet we got some more bull calf need
to be steer calves all right there goes
another one down golly pulled out the
nap there goes there it goes cutting the
nuts there's three stairs we got now
okay
ah